# XLS CAMPAIGN API - NodeJS project

### Pre-requisite
1. Install Node.js 	
	Install node version 6.9.2 using nvm
	Example: 
	nvm install 6.9.2
	nvm use 6.9.2

2. Install Python V2.7
	Install Python version 2.7. To check if python is already present, use the cmd 'which python'

3. Install Oracle instant clients
1.	Download the oracle instant clients instantclient-basic-linux.x64-12.1.0.2.0.zip and instantclient-sdk-linux.x64-12.1.0.2.0.zip
2.	Execute : cd /data/oracle
3.	Execute : unzip instantclient-basic-linux.x64-12.1.0.2.0.zip
4.	Execute : unzip instantclient-sdk-linux.x64-12.1.0.2.0.zip
5.	Execute : mv instantclient_12_1 instantclient
6.	Execute : cd instantclient
7.	Execute : ln -s libclntsh.so.12.1 libclntsh.so
8.	Execute : ln -s libocci.so.12.1 libocci.so
9.	Execute : export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/data/oracle/instantclient
10.	Execute : export OCI_LIB_DIR=/data/oracle/instantclient
11.	Execute : export OCI_INC_DIR=/data/oracle/instantclient/sdk/include



### As follows the steps to checkout the project, and run it,

1. To get the xls_campaign_api project to your machine, Git clone <git_project_repository> <br>

2. To download npm modules, run command "npm install" from the src directory of xls_campaign_api <br>

3. To start xls_campaign_api server, run command, "npm run startXLSCAMPAIGNAPIServer" <br>

4. To start xls_campaign_api server in production mode, run command, "npm run startXLSCAMPAIGNAPIServer --prod" <br>

5. To stop xls_campaign_api server, run command, "npm run stopXLSCAMPAIGNAPIServer" <br>

6. To run unit tests, run command, "npm run unitTest" <br>

7. To run integration tests using newman, follow the below steps, <br>
    a. Start xls_campaign_api server <br>
    c. Run the command "npm run integrationTest" in another command window. 
<br>



### In order to view the integration test report (generated by newman) in Jenkins through HTML publisher, do the following steps.

CSS is striped because of the Content Security Policy in Jenkins. (https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Configuring+Content+Security+Policy) <br>

The default rule is set to: sandbox; default-src 'none'; img-src 'self'; style-src 'self'; <br>
This rule set results in the following: <br>

No JavaScript allowed at all <br>
No plugins (object/embed) allowed <br>
No inline CSS, or CSS from other sites allowed <br>
No images from other sites allowed No frames allowed <br>
No web fonts allowed No XHR/AJAX allowed etc. <br>
To relax this rule, go to Manage Jenkins->Script console and type in the following command : <br>

System.setProperty("hudson.model.DirectoryBrowserSupport.CSP", "") <br>
and Press Run. If you see the output as 'Result:' below "Result" header then the protection disabled. Re-Run your build and you can see that the new HTML files archived will have the CSS enabled. <br>
